h1. fluent-plugin-cloudstack-sample

This repository is sample config usage for flueentd.

* Output growthforecast
* Autosave CloudStack EventLog
* Keyword monitroging to CloudStack Evenglog's log level

h2. Install

h3. use fluentd gem package

<pre>
$ git clone https://github.com/u-ichi/fluent-plugin-cloudstack-sample.git
$ cd fluent-plugin-cloudstack-sample
$ bundle install --path vendor/bundle
</pre>

<pre>
$ bundle exec fluentd -c config/td-agent.conf &
</pre>

h3. use td-agent

<pre>
$ sudo /usr/lib/fluent/ruby/bin/fluent-gem install fluent-plugin-mail \
                                                   fluent-plugin-cloudstack \
                                                   fluent-plugin-config-expander \
                                                   fluent-plugin-s3 \
                                                   fluent-plugin-forest \
                                                   fluent-plugin-growthforecast

$ git clone https://github.com/u-ichi/fluent-plugin-cloudstack-sample.git
$ cp -R fluent-plugin-cloudstack-sample/config/* /etc/td-agent/
</pre>


h2. pre-condition of exec

* can use growthforecast
** http://kazeburo.github.io/GrowthForecast/
* can use smtpserver
* can use CloudStack
* can use object storage(S3 compatible) # Optional


h2. Configuration

<pre>
$ cp config/input/cloudstack.conf.sample config/input/cloudstack.conf
$ cp config/output/usages.conf.sample config/output/usages.conf
$ cp config/output/event.conf.sample config/output/event.conf
</pre>

h3. input/cloudstack.conf

* Add config host,apikey,secretkey
** https://github.com/u-ichi/fluent-plugin-cloudstack

h3. output/usages.conf

* Add config gfapi_url
** https://github.com/tagomoris/fluent-plugin-growthforecast

h3. output/event.conf

* Add config host, port, domain, from in type notification
** https://github.com/u-ichi/fluent-plugin-mail
* Add config aws_key_id, aws_sec_key, s3_bucket, s3_endpoint in type S3

